I'd like people in 10 years time to say
what a job always done with Vandy Ambler
and John and look at the football they
play now and look at the way they passed
the ball and look at how many are they
got in the England team why not well can
I say something do you mind they asked
me if I wanted it from now until the
summer because they were almost prepared
to do whatever I wanted
and I said I don't want just that I want
a longer-term situation that I can
because my relationships last and that's
what I want so I think that was think
you liked that didn't you yeah no Tony's
just moved in there I'm afraid yeah I
had a flat in Langley Waterside in me we
had to get out and and I think Tony's
move right in not sure he's got my old
car but he's certainly not having my
woman I tell you that he's got his own
he's got his own but I got a phone call
from Kenny Jackett asking me to consider
me in Andy and um and John berelson so
not a good chat with Kent I asked him
why he left and he talked about being
six years here and feed any done his
timing and did well with a club and he
think he thought I would be absolutely
delighted to meet these two gentlemen
and work with him so without a shadow of
a doubt I agreed to do it and I met Andy
on a Thursday and John dougies almost
dug itself out of America when he had a
two foot of snow and couldn't get out so
he hired a plane and then couldn't wait
to meet me so we had a meet up in London
and the chat lasted literally about four
and half hours
didn't seem like two minutes and um I
was blown away with a couple of things
really the the the pride they've got and
the passion they've got for the football
club and and ironically how much they
felt
I was the right man for the job so not
you not you sir that really ate to be
honest so what could I do what could I
say and then went back home and spoke to
kimon I'm here and it's been that quick
release absolutely fantastic
so yeah they also told me the plan a was
me Plan B was me and Plan C was me so
it's nice to be one I didn't it um I
think I'm a bit of a different fellow
really as everybody out there knows and
some people write certain things about
me and some people find me amusing but
I'm a very serious football manager and
I want to do a brilliant job for each
and every club that I work for him and
you know talking to John and his dreams
for it and what he wants for it and I
asked him why he wanted to do it and you
know cuz I still can't understand that
sometimes wait he's really wealthy man
what I want to take over on a football
scenario and I thought he was so honest
and forthright with his view and by the
time he'd finished he totally convinced
me that I should do that as well because
he's on about a people the people who
work at a club the people who care for a
club at first he didn't really know much
about him and now you know he feels he
wants to protect him on fight for him
and look after him and care for him
because of the club's history what he
wants to do about that and you know the
four if most successful Club in English
history that one of the early ones is
well and you know one of the only ones
to have four seasons at home never lose
it in in all the divisions and and I
believe that's down to the passion of
the supporters and now they care about
their club and for me it seems just a
fantastic fit and and none more so than
that Ken got six years and they still
wanted him to keep building and keep
building and and I've got to commit to a
way of playing
I don't expect the lads to do it this
week or next week or the week after but
you know that's what I commit to my
philosophy is of a way of playing I
think's modern and and John buys into
that and he boys into that and you know
as I say even if we the worse happens
and I can't turn it around because I've
learned from when I went to Leicester I
might not be able to stop it well they
understand that and I'm going to try and
mop up mop up what I can and and take
the thing where I want it to go and and
you know I don't think I've ever had
support like that so the initial thing I
want to do is keep us up and then try
and get us up but in reality I want to
do it in a way that I'm proud of that
people will come here and people will
talk about maybe a slightly different
millwall instead of what their mind
lingers back to in the past because I'd
like to say that we had a problem in
society then which people a lot of
people from different clubs
unfortunately thought they could use
football as a vehicle to be violent you
know so from my point of view I think
that this club has been tarnished and
there's lots of other clubs who had that
and it went to different countries as
well and now I don't feel we've got that
so you know hopefully I can actually add
a way of playing that will make people
want to spend money on to grow the crowd
to build and be proud of something else
about Millwall but for me the passion is
completely and utterly undoubtedly
what keeps me going and that's what
reignited me right now I can't wait I
can't wait for tomorrow I can't wait for
Saturday and you know whatever happens
I'm ready got me chin out on them ready
to go